#SOURCE CHANGE FILE
#Sat Jun 01 23:30:55 CEST 2013
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.HeaderPanel.Language=Language
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.FilesPanel.Attach_file=Attach file
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.FilesPanel.Cancel=Cancel
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.FilesPanel.Download=Download
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.FilesPanel.Remove=Remove
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.NoticePanel.Today=Today
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.NoticePanel.Yesterday=Yesterday
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.NoticeSummaryPanel.Today=Today
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.NoticeSummaryPanel.Yesterday=Yesterday
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.NoticeSummaryPanel.View=View
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.NoticeSummaryPanel.Edit=Edit
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.NoticeSummaryPanel.Delete=Delete
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Hello_Guest=Hello, Guest \!
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Login=Login
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Hello=Hello, 
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Log_out=Log out
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Password=Password
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Add_New_Notice=Add New Notice
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Hello_1=Hello, 
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Log_out_1=Log out
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Password_1=Password
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Notices=Notices
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.View_Notices=View Notices
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Set_default_period_07_Days=Set default period\: 07 Days
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Set_default_period_15_Days=Set default period\: 15 Days
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Set_default_period_30_Days=Set default period\: 30 Days
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Users=Users
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.View_Users=View Users
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.View_Departments=View Departments
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.components.UserPanel.Links=Links
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.model.NoticeSearchParams.Text_Search=Text Search
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.model.NoticeSearchParams.Last_7_days=Last 7 days
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.model.NoticeSearchParams.Last_15_days=Last 15 days
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.model.NoticeSearchParams.Last_30_days=Last 30 days
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.model.User.root=root
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.model.User.Root=Root
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.model.User.GUEST=GUEST
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.model.User.EXECUTIVE=EXECUTIVE
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.model.User.ROOT=ROOT
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.NoticeboardUI.Notice=Notice
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.DepartmentsView.Departments=Departments
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.DepartmentsView.Add_New_Department=Add New Department
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.DepartmentsView.Save=Save
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.DepartmentsView.Update=Update
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.DepartmentsView.Cancel=Cancel
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.DepartmentsView.Department_Name=Department Name
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.DepartmentsView.Edit=Edit
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.DepartmentsView.Delete=Delete
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.NoticeEditorView.Post=Post
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.NoticeEditorView.Update=Update
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.NoticeEditorView.Cancel=Cancel
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.NoticesView.Notices=Notices
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.NoticesView.Last_7_days=Last 7 days
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.NoticesView.Last_15_days=Last 15 days
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.NoticesView.Last_30_days=Last 30 days
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.NoticesView.Search=Search
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.PasswordEditorView.Old_Password=Old Password
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.PasswordEditorView.New_Password=New Password
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.PasswordEditorView.Repeat_New_Password=Repeat New Password
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.PasswordEditorView.Update=Update
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.PasswordEditorView.Cancel=Cancel
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.QuickLinksView.QuickLinks=QuickLinks
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.QuickLinksView.Add_New_QuickLink=Add New QuickLink
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.QuickLinksView.Save=Save
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.QuickLinksView.Update=Update
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.QuickLinksView.Cancel=Cancel
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.QuickLinksView.Link_Name=Link Name
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.QuickLinksView.URL=URL
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.QuickLinksView.Edit=Edit
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.QuickLinksView.Delete=Delete
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.UsersView.Users=Users
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.UsersView.Add_New_User=Add New User
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.UsersView.Save=Save
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.UsersView.Update=Update
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.UsersView.Cancel=Cancel
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.UsersView.User_Id=User Id
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.UsersView.Name=Name
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.UsersView.Password=Password
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.UsersView.Department=Department
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.UsersView.Edit=Edit
com.askvikrant.noticeboard.views.UsersView.Delete=Delete
